**Interactive Observation**


When thinking about something “interactive” on campus, the first thing that came to mind was the many types of doors we have, such as the semi-automatic and not-so-automatic C2 doors, classroom doors, library doors, arts center doors, bathroom doors etc. Although they all categorize as doors, they serve many different functions, from safety to soundproof to design to privacy. In these designs, we see examples of designers and engineers finding a balance between practicality and beauty, human experience versus mechanical efficiency, and function versus symbolism- all of which are tradeoffs one has to consider when putting designs into an interactive, user-oriented machine.

If asked to describe the Campus Center front doors in one word, “dangerous” is the first word that came to mind. The doors are “automatic,” yet they require a forceful trigger to stimulate the machine to work. In addition to this inconvenience, the doors swing open and back with such powerful, unexpected force that could easily smash the passersby as they’re unable to exert enough force to keep the door open or hold the door. Additionally, the improved doors don’t open at the same time, resulting in the potential danger of hitting someone standing between two doors, and can be unresponsive at times. Inside the building, the elevator doors are also intimidating. They close with a strong force and are not as sensitive to humans as elevators elsewhere, and the door closing button doesn’t always work. Despite these deficiencies, these doors still operate and remain significant to the campus community. However, I believe this is where the distinction between a good and bad design comes into play. Bad design is something that is potentially harmful and unstable, and a design that serves its function, is fluent, and usable is simply an okay design. To be able to reach a good design, it has to create an experience for the user that is so natural and friendly that one won’t even take note of the machine. It is the extra step of details and considerations that separates the good from the common, and I believe that the doors on campus are worthy of such improvements to make the most out of their potentials. 

